MAUREEN: It's Ida I feel sorry for. How she managed to lay the egg I'll never know.

HENRIETTA: Makes my eyes water just thinking about.

TURKEY: Gobble, gobble... I wouldn't use that to stuff a duvet with!

IDA: Talking of stuffing, I don't suppose you will be quite so full of yourself come Thanksgiving!

TURKEY: Ooh, I hate that word. 

IDA: There is nothing wrong with my son. He just looks a bit different, that's all. I think that makes him someone rather special. 

---

UGLY: Honk? She won't remember me. I bet she doesn't even come back. Why would she want to have anything to do with me?

BULLFROG: Ribbit, ribbit, whoops, pardon me.

UGLY: Leave me alone.

BULLFROG: Sorry, Feathers. I didn't mean to make you jump. Not that there's anything wrong with jumping of course - it sort of runs in the family or jumps in the family depending on which way you...

UGLY: What do you want?

BULLFROG: Want?

UGLY: Well go on, you might as well get it off your chest - tell me how ugly I am.

BULLFROG: Ugly?

UGLY: There. I hope you feel better now.

BULLFROG: Woah, woah woah. Hang on a minute. Do you mind if I hope off and come back on again? I mean, have a word with yourself, Feathers. Who am I to call you ugly? Look at me. 

... There, see. I mean connect the dots. If we're talking ugly they don't come much more aesthetically challenged than me. I know what your trouble is. You've been preening yourself too much.

UGLY: What do you mean?

BULLFROG: You've got down in the mouth. Woo ha, ha, ha. 

Oh, I'm getting nothing here, nothing. Come on give me a smile. 

UGLY: I want to be left on my own.

BULLFROG: Now that's just downright antisocial. Hang on...

(Clears throat.) I've got a human in my throat.

Oh well, I know how you feel, but you musn't let it depress you. I started out as a blob of jelly and it's been downhill ever since.

I say to myself, I'm just a handsome prince in frog's clothing and one dat someone's going to come along and kiss me and release my inner beauty. 

And then I say to myself, Nah, get real, who wants to kiss a frog!?

You know what our trouble is?

UGLY: No.

BULLFROG: Our image isn't in vogue.

That's all. It's a question of taste. But you mark my words, one day ugly will be in.

---

BULLFROG: Must hop, I'll be seeing ya, Feathers. And remember, one dayit will be us who are the flavor of the month - oops, what I am saying?

UGLY: Goodbye, and if you ever find yourself near the duckyard do call in, I'd love you to meet my family.

BULLFROG: Well I hope you find 'em alright. Stay warm, stay cheerful. See ya. Ribbit, ribbit.

---

TURKEY: Oh yes, yes, yes, yes, yes!

ALL: What?

TURKEY: I made it through Thanksgiving!!!
